## Tai Duc Nguyen - ECE 391 - HW2

# Assignment 2

**Statement**: Write a business plan that will convince skeptical bankers and investors to put up $5 million to establish a telephone network.  Your business plan should first describe the telephone (remember no one has a phone and no one has ever seen a phone so your description is all they will have).  Then describe the benefits of everyone having this new thing called a telephone.  Finally, show how you will use the $5 million.  How will you roll out the network?  How will you price the service?  How will you pay back the people that loaned you the money? 

Background information – In 1876 the average salary in the US was $350 per year and a pair of heavy duty men’s boots cost $3.00.  Those numbers put the requested $5 million in perspective.

Dear investors and future customers,

I am glad that you are here today to hear my proposition to establish the first telephone network in America. As you know, information is paramount in this day and age. A broker in Wall Street needs to contact his client in surrounding states in order to sell stocks and bonds. A mother in Kansas wants to know how her son is doing while studying at Harvard. And you may want to connect with other people working in the same field but living all the way across America. With our current communication technologies, any information can only travel as fast as a train, which can take as long as 1 week to travel from the east to the west. I want to change this. Wouldn't it be great if you could instantly connect to other people living so far away? Hence, let me introduce to you our product: The Telephone. This device can convert the sounds around it into electrical current that can be transmitted very far away in a blink of an eye, like a lightning bolt striking from the sky but a lot less violent, of course. Similar to our trains, we need stations so that attenuated signals can be restored forwarded from places to places. These stations will create a network, or, telephone network. This network will be able to connect millions of Americans, allowing American businesses to expand to the furthest corner of the country, people from all parts to share ideas, and governments to be responsive to the people. This "telephone network" will be the accelerator of America to the next golden age, the age of information. 

Therefore, if you decided to invest in this wonderful product, you would not only become the first people to enjoy instant communication but also be remembered as those who helped America grow far and wide. Since we expect almost all Americans to utilize this huge network, we are going to bill anyone who owns our telephone 1 cent per minute of using it. With 100 minute of use a person a week, and an estimated user base of 1 million Americans, we expect a revenue of $1 million dollars every week. We will initially build 20 stations across North-eastern US, which we estimated to cost around $5 million dollars. If you helped us, you would be able to receive interests in 1 year of operation. 

I hope our bright prospect will help you determine to trust your money with us. Thank you for your considerations.